All right, I have some things on my heart, family. I had a video that I recorded early this morning and I've sat on it all day.
I didn't release it; I want to be slow to speak when it comes to the things the Lord is saying to me.
I hold this position that I've been given with great responsibility and don't just be putting videos out quick.
He showed me a lot, you're about to see that, and I've tried to make sense of it.
Whenever you're seeing so much so fast, I wanted to take the time to think on it and tell you what I was seeing.
Now that I've had time to process it, I'm telling you all: if Kamala Harris would have won this, folks, we would be looking at a whole different picture right now.
You don't realize how much of a game-changer Donald Trump winning was and the plans of the enemy that were detoured and grace that was extended to us.
If you only knew, God stepped in and intervened for the American people and the world.
Ladies and gentlemen, you have no idea the evil that was being planned for the next four years with the Harris administration.
God intervened, folks, and I'm telling you, I saw Donald Trump in a different light than I've ever seen him before. I saw him glowing with the glory of God.
He becomes a different person, filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit, and he makes alliances with Israel that bring a blessing on our nation like you wouldn't believe.
I saw the crash and the things that the Lord had showed me that are still trying to be planned.
It's like you see the danger of the waterfall, like Niagara Falls, and you know it's coming.
You can see all the things that the Lord has warned you about, and all of a sudden, we turn the ship around and we don't go over the waterfall to the extent of what was trying to happen.
When we link up with Israel like a brotherhood, it's like a David and a Jonathan.
What is about to happen with a covenant is like your big brother coming back on the scene, protecting and being that big brother in the background with Israel.
The blessing and the favor that comes with blessing the Israeli people, the Israeli government, and the Jews—stepping behind Israel brings a covering.
I saw a dome, like a covering, over America again. It was a thick membrane that was coming over America again as we blessed Israel and came into alignment with helping them.
The Lord spoke to me loud and said, 'Those that bless Israel I will bless, and those that curse Israel I will curse.'I want to tell you, when the blessing comes, I saw oil wells.
I saw Trump releasing oil over America like you wouldn't believe—the wealth coming up.
Drill, baby, drill; that's what I can say. There was money coming out of the Gulf of Mexico.
When we get this financial turnaround and pump oil out of the ground and natural gas enough to fund the world—I'm talking supernatural abundant supply.
Not just with oil, but with creative ideas, supernatural wisdom with cryptocurrency; I'm talking about Solomon-type thinking and Solomon-type wealth.
I saw numbers turning the national debt around and bringing a blessing like you wouldn't believe, folks, as we line up with Israel and a supernatural endowment of God's wisdom comes on his mind.
I saw Putin now, and I saw Emmanuel and Macron. As I saw these two different men, Putin had an agenda and Macron had an agenda.
It was like two different world powers behind the scenes trying to compete with who was going to be the big guy on campus, the top shot.
Then you had America, but Putin has had an upper hand trying to make alliances with strategic countries for the last four years.
I saw Cuba—and you'll hear this—I saw Venezuela for the oil wealth, and I saw a Communist party rising up with Putin.
I saw them secretly meeting with Egypt, a lot of the OPEC nations, and China, trying to combat with the BRICS coalition and a new global currency, and attacking Taiwan and Hawaii.
I've warned about Hawaii before, but I saw it again. The Lord showed me all this going on with China because China wanted to take Taiwan back.
It was like their piece of the puzzle, like that was promised to them—their prize was to take that island—then rising up with a new currency with Putin and trying to dominate the globe.
Then I saw Emmanuel Macron with Europe, and I saw the King of England, George Soros, and Klaus Schwab.
I know he's getting ready to retire, they say, but he is still a puppet master in the background. These men were very strategic and very satanic.
I saw over the holiday season, during New Year's Eve, a darkness—something bad over England during the countdown.
I did not see a terrorist attack; I saw a sheet of black that looked like darkness over the area, and it was from the King.
So, I'm trying to make this as clear as I can without adding to or taking away from what the Lord showed me, folks.
I saw a blessing coming on America again because of the alliance with Israel.
I saw Iran shrinking back, afraid to really come out and be as bold as they were wanting to be because they're not as strong as they pretend they are, doing surprise attacks and trying to pick a fight with Israel.
And then I saw a massive bowl in the Mediterranean. I called it the Gulf in the video, but it is not the Gulf—excuse my ignorance—it is the Mediterranean.
It's the sea in front of Israel, and in that sea where Israel owns a massive area, there is like a big bowl of oil and natural gas that will be tapped into.
It's worth billions and billions over the next four years. Great financial wealth will flow through Israel.
I saw their agriculture, their fruit the size of ginormous—I don't know if they're oranges, folks, but I saw fruit that was ginormous—and vegetables that were beautiful and healthy.
The Lord said it's the Abrahamic Covenant, a supernatural breathing on it, an evidence showing that God is God over Israel.
It will come through blessing, favor, and wealth as America backs it.
I know a lot of people get upset about that, folks, but those who are smart enough to bless Israel, He will bless, and thank God Donald Trump is smart enough to bless them.
I saw religious freedom coming to the American people and a backing of the church from Donald Trump like we've never seen before in this generation—talking about the Bible, talking about prayer, and being bold about your faith.
He becomes bold about Jesus. I saw a covering like I've never witnessed before in my lifetime—maybe back whenever the founding fathers were here.
Do I see the plague? It was coming from Europe. What does that say to us?
We are to pray and not get into fear over what Europe will try to do with the WHO.
I saw how they created it in labs and how they do all this, and I saw that they get desperate when he starts to pull the money out and fixes everything with NATO as a leader should.
We should have had leadership this whole time, but we didn't because we had somebody sleepy behind the wheel.
They don't like that, so in an attempt to control, they will bring in false flag events because they want their agenda, which is a new one-world thing.
This is what you will see, and this is what we must pray. We must pray protection over his life.
We must pray for Elon Musk to be born again and radically on fire for Jesus.
I'm believing for a radical visitation from the Lord Jesus.
People say, 'Well, he's already saved,'but from what I saw in the demon costumes he's worn, he needs to be instructed a little bit more about Christianity.
I'm not judging anybody, but come on y'all, you can't say light is light when dark is dark.
You need to understand light is light, and in it there is no darkness at all. We need to rise up and be real believers here.
You can't say a believer is a believer if they are wearing satanic clothes. Whatever; we still believe for his salvation.
I'm believing he's going to have a radical visitation from Jesus, and the Lord said pray over that for the next 20 days.
At the end of those 20 days, I believe we're going to see a major turn of events in that man's life.
We're believing for the same for Donald Trump—supernatural protection for him because of all the old Cold War stuff happening with Cuba and darkness rising behind the curtain with Vladimir.
We must pray, folks, because there has been a lot of darkness happening over the last four years that people don't know about.
We haven't had true leadership; we've had somebody just staring out a window.
God help America. It will take time, but we will. People ask if we're still going to see a financial crash.
They plan on it. I'm believing for that blessing, but they are going to try to take us down.
We have different people with different agendas all wanting power.
I saw Justin Trudeau being two-faced, trying to be with the United States and Europe.
He was playing America, saying he was buddies with Trump, but he was truly for Emmanuel Macron and his agenda.
He was two-faced. I'm just giving a highlight; now you'll see me praying it out in the spirit.
Thank God our president stands with Israel because that's what's going to save our hides.
I saw blessing coming out of the Mediterranean Sea with Israel—24 billion, then 240 billion.
One company was going to drill and there was a supernatural wealth transfer that will come out of the Mediterranean: natural gas reserves, oil reserves—I'm talking lots of money.
A transfer of wealth from the wicked. I haven't said too much because I'm not giving financial advice, but look at what the Lord is doing.
The Lord said He's giving an extended grace for four years. What does that mean?
He's giving more time. Is that a crash? No, it sounds like more time to me.
I'm not going to assume anything, which is why I keep praying into it.
What are you going to do over the next four years? What are you going to do with this time into the next cycle in 2028?
What kind of revival will we have? Are you going to get lazy during the blessing, or are you going to give God praise?
I still see the shaking trying to happen with the plague and the house of cards falling, but I saw the blessing coming.
I don't know how long that window lasts, but we've seen a great rally this week.
They said it was one of the largest stock market and financial rallies in years, with crypto going to the highest it's been—just boom, boom, boom.
It's starting to happen. Then I saw the house of cards fall. When does that happen?
I saw a recall of the debt and a humbling of America. Is that a year into it or two?
But today I'm seeing an umbrella of blessing as you bless Israel. This will help turn America around.
If you humble yourself, pray, and turn from your wicked ways, you can heal your land. Let's believe God today.
This is not a time to say 'woe is me'; this is a time to pray because there is hope and there is a change.
When you're praying over it, you can see the house of cards, but then I start seeing the blessing as we bless Israel. You can pray with me as we intercede for these things.
I do not want to be a flaky Christian; I want to be filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit and hear what He's saying.
So father, we lift prayer up before You. We thank You for what You did for us 2,000 years ago.
You became sickness for us, and by Your stripes, we are healed.
We settle it in our spirit now, in Jesus'name, that You were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities.
We believe in Your covenant of health and wealth and that You have given us a sound mind.
There is no spirit of fear; Your people have soundness because perfect love casts out all fear.
We thank You, Lord, that we can pray against the things of the wicked, and we thank You for peace that passes all understanding.
We plead the blood of the lamb and thank You for the blood. We enter in by the blood and by the word of our testimony.
We thank You that no weapon formed against us shall prosper.
You promised in Psalm 91 that a thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it will not come near us.
I plead the blood of Jesus over my house, my wife, my children, my finances, and over everything I put my hands to.
I plead the blood over all these YouTube people; I thank You that You are covering them in the blood and that they are protected.
We thank You that greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.
We spoil the enemy's plans and rise up as believers to take our authority. We cover our nation and our president in the blood.
We lift up President Trump right now and thank You that he has the mind of Christ and is making godly decisions.
We thank You that Biden is being removed and that Kamala Harris—I thank You that these people will find You.
It's time for them to retire and not cause any more drama. During this transition time of the next 70 days, I call forth peace.
I pray there are no terrorist attacks and no plans of the wicked in our land.
I pray for a dome of protection over Christmas shopping and Black Friday; we cover those times in the blood of Jesus.
We thank You that there are no mass shootings and no mass bombings.
We call every wicked plot to be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
We pray for the FBI, the CIA, Homeland Security, and the NSA.
We thank You for all the protective people who watch over this nation and we call forth boldness in them.
May all hidden things be revealed over every agency, our local sheriff departments, police departments, and firefighters.
We thank You, Lord, that every plot and scheme will be found before they even try it.
I thank You that evil people would have a reprobate mind and say something stupid on social media or to their neighbor to be exposed.
Out of the abundance of their heart, their mouth will speak and they will be found out in the name of Jesus.
I thank You that their conscience would move on them and they would spew out their plans.
I believe for divine protection over the New Year's Eve celebrations and 'Rockin'New Year's Eve'in New York; there is a supernatural covering over that area.
I pray over London and the gatherings for the New Year's Eve celebrations there.
I see it in the spirit with the Ferris wheel and the Big Ben. There are things going on with Prince Charles and them. I pray over France and Emmanuel Macron.
I pray that we would not be sucked further into war through false flag events in Europe or by blaming Russia for things.
I hear the words 'Cold War.'I see Cuba again and secret things stationed in Cuba with Russia.
Putin has been busy for the last four years making strong alliances. I see Syria, Turkey, and tentacles reaching into Egypt.
Desperation will come to keep the United States involved in the days ahead, and desperation will come for a drawing back with Trump.
I see desperation with Emmanuel Macron and other European allies like Germany, causing things to escalate on purpose.
These people are so dark. Lord, remove these people. I see Trump trying to stop the war and come in with peace as a diplomat.
He's trying to devise peace treaties to deescalate, but the plan is to escalate by the agenda of Macron.
Even England is involved in this with the royals. I see it in Northern Europe too—is it Bulgaria? Leaders in that nation, even in Canada.
I see a two-faced Justin Trudeau trying to buddy up with Trump while being two-faced with Emmanuel Macron, saying one thing and doing another.
I see the Mexican government in a panic because of the deportations, the tariffs, and the wall.
There's darkness there with the Mexican government going back to Cuba.
The Lord is highlighting Cuba to me and I hear 'Cold War'again—remember the Cuban Missile Crisis?
Old alliances and coalitions are being devised. Now I see Hawaii again and China making moves quickly with Taiwan.
We pray for President Trump. Venezuela and their oil are part of the plan of all these alliances creating a way to defeat the dollar.
I see Israel standing alone, but they are glowing with glory as a light in the darkness.
Great wealth is getting ready to come out of Israel. I see oil reserves and wealth in the water outside of Israel.
Deep wells of wealth, natural gas, and the Abrahamic Covenant.
I see fruits and vegetables flourishing and standing out with the blessing of the Father.
Over the next four years—2025, 2026, 2027, and 2028—I see flourishing with the Trump administration and Israel.
They are moving as one. There is an alliance that brings a blessing on America because of this.
Don't mess with them or you'll mess with us. There are no hidden back-room deals, just a partnership and brotherhood.
The key to the turnaround of America is connected to blessing Israel.
As we bless them, it brings an umbrella over us. All this stuff with Cuba is outside of the blessing bubble.
He said they will come at you one way and flee before you seven ways.
I see blue skies and a hand of blessing on Trump. There is an anointing dripping like oil off of him.
He is filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit. Everything is going to be all right as you line up with Israel.
What the devil meant for bad, God will turn for good. There is a covering coming over America.
We can pray to lessen the house of cards falling through supernatural Solomon-like wisdom.
The economy is trying to turn, but it is keyed to blessing Israel. I saw blessing coming up out of the water.
I saw billions—I see the number two and the number five; 25 billion, no, 250 billion. It's bigger than that, with lots of zeros.
We must pray for the cabinet, the House, and the Senate so they can do things quickly. I've been shown a lot really quickly.
If Kamala Harris would have won, it would have been an uproar, but because he won, we have to pray for his protection and wisdom.
I see a Holy Ghost glow around him, but I saw others devising a plan because they wanted the war to escalate in Europe.
Trump is trying to be a peacemaker, and Macron doesn't like this; he's two-faced and wants the war.
I hear him say 'One World Order.'This man is very bad and is being pushed by very rich, dark men.
It is the Antichrist agenda with the WHO. We pray for Elon Musk and thank You, Lord, that he will become born again.
I call this evil woman I saw beside him removed in the name of Jesus, that he would be able to see clearly on his own.
All hidden things be revealed. I pray over his heart that the eyes of his understanding would be enlightened.
There are four years to turn things. I'm seeing it in the spirit realm—different now.
I saw the economic stuff turning and great wealth coming on America because of the alliance with Israel.
We take authority over the virus; they're not going to release it. We must pray because there is great darkness at the WHO.
It's a covering over America as you line up with Israel, while the enemy tries to devise a plan with Taiwan, Cuba, and Venezuela. They were trying to create war and escalate it even more.
I saw diplomatic peace, and though I saw escalation between Israel and Iran, it will be short-lived because the United States is backing Israel.
I saw corruption in Mexico and panic over tariffs to stop the illegal migration.
There were links to traffickers—it's sick how they profit off suffering.
I ask for judgment on it. If you're new here, please like and subscribe to help the algorithm.
Remember, Jesus is a healer. I saw blessing today. I saw him standing in the Oval Office with a glow on his face, and he was smiling.
He becomes radically born again in the days ahead. God bless you all, and we will see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.